It's now time to leave our local device at least to a certain extent because whilst of course we will
work a lot instead of our apps or we as a user not all data needs to be saved on the device and right
now we're not saving any data anywhere.
To be honest we're saving everything in memory which means that when we for example add or edit a product
in this dummy app we build thus far it's lost whenever the app restarts it would be better to save such
data on a server in the Web instead of just on the device in memory because Deadwood persist app restarts.
We can simply load data from there when the app starts.
And in addition for most apps for example for a shop app like we're building it you all to want to share
data across different users across different app installations.
So if I add a product our users should also be able to view it in Dafur we definitely need to store
data in a server so we can all operate on the same data.